# Windows 10 in browser

## Introduction

This project involves replicating the Windows 10 system in a web browser. It will include basic functionalities offered by Windows 10 such as a calendar, file explorer, start menu, control panel, the ability to customize appearance, and many others. Additionally, several applications available on the Windows system will be created, such as Paint, Calculator, as well as some games known from older versions of Windows, including Minesweeper.

## Demo

**_Section is empty at the moment_**

## Features

- Calendar

### Planned Features

- Login page
- File explorer
- Calculator app
- Paint app
- Minesweeper game
- Customize appearance (background, taskbar color, appearance and position, etc)

## Tech Stack

The project is entirely created on the client side. I do not exclude the possibility of adding a backend in the future.

**Technologies:**

- **FE Stack:** React, TypeScript, Redux, CSS Modules
- **For Testing:** JEST, React Testing Library, Cypress
- **Other Libraries:** Formik, Framer Motion
- **Bundler:** Webpack

## Contributing

Currently contributing to the project is not recommended. However, if it happens that you want to contribute, please follow the rules below.

### How to run app locally

It's just a pretty simple. Just clone project code and then open your terminal and use

```
npm install
```

command. Then you can use

```
npm start
```

to start a development server.

### Running Tests

To run tests, run the following command

```
  npm test
```

**_It is possible that `Running tests` section will be changed when Cypress is added._**

### Creating issues

If you find some bugs or you have any ideas about new features, please go to `Issues` page and create new issue with proper label. In case of features, you can go to `Projects tab => Projects (classic) => Windows 10 in browser` and create new card with feature name.

### Branch naming convention

If you want to fix some bugs or add new featrue, you have to create new branch. Main project branch is `develop` so make sure you have current changes (`git pull` on `develop` branch). If your `develop` branch is up to date, create new branch based on the following rules:

- the branch name should have the appropriate prefix:
  prefix | when to use it
  ------------- | -------------
  feature | if you want to add new feature to the app
  bugfix | if you want to fix a bug
  refactor | in case of some code refactoring
  test | if you want to add missing tests to feature
  chore | if you want to update libraries used in project or change non-code related things
  doc | if you want to make changes in documentation

- you should use the branch name generated by github from issues - go to your issue and in `Development` section click `Create a branch` and copy branch name.

A proper branch name should look like this:

- `feature/123-new-feature-branch-name`
- `bugfix/933-fix-some-stuff`

If you have any doubts, please check `Pull requests` tab.

### Commits name convention

The project is based on sematic commits, so I refer you to the link below to familiarize yourself with them: [Semantic commit messages](https://gist.github.com/joshbuchea/6f47e86d2510bce28f8e7f42ae84c716)

**It is possible that `commitizen` will be added in the future.**

## Screenshots

**_Section is empty at the moment_**
